
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6331 - NEUC, Cloud Computing                   


In-class Hands-on Assignment 1, Fall 2023   (c) DL, UTA, 2023

INFORMATIONAL


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this assignment.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this assignment, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this assignment with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, WeChat, QQ, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed assignment (90 minutes). Late submissions will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late submissions will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.
     Please demo each part once, initially, if we have more time we will review again, if requested.
     The majority of credit will be for applications deployed on the cloud.

     The second part of the assignment, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the assignment, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Assignment (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this assignment, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud service provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud provider is MS Azure.

 5. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this assignment) to the cloud service.
  
QUIZ QUESTIONS

Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 10. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name as it appears on your ID card 
     as well as the last 5 digits of your student ID in large font at the top of every web page dispayed (for this assignment)
     On the first page show your picture below your name and ID number if you have one.

 11. Through a web interface (page), show the reviews (amazon-reviews.csv) in an easy-to-read style. 

 12. Beside each review, show an image regarding the score of the review. If the score is 1 show score-1.jpg, if the score is 2 show score-2.jpg, so on so forth.

 13. In each review, link the city to its details (us-cities.csv). Show the details of that city either by opening a new page, or by showing a flowing window when the mouse is hovering on the link.

 14. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 10, 11, 12, 13. The link shall NOT be a proxied address, it shall go directly to the application that you have built without any intermediate layers.

 15. When complete, return (send) this assignment immediately for a review. 

 16. You can shutdown your service after being reviewed, or, when this hands-on assignment is timeout because from that moment on the TA will stop reviewing.

